build: rename project to @sequelize/core (#14153)
sequelize/sequelize: docs/manual/core-concepts/getting-started.md

## Installing

Sequelize is available via [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sequelize/core) (or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/package/@sequelize/core)).

```sh
# using npm

> npm i @sequelize/core # This will install latest version of Sequelize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm i sequelize # This will install v6, the latest stable release of Sequelize
npm i @sequelize/core # This will install v7, the latest alpha release of Sequelize
```

# using yarn

> yarn add @sequelize/core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add sequelize # This will install v6, the latest stable release of Sequelize
yarn add @sequelize/core # This will install v7, the latest alpha release of Sequelize
```
